feat: add prefer-repository-shorthand rule (#70)
JoshuaKGoldberg/eslint-plugin-package-json: docs/rules/prefer-repository-shorthand.md

# Enforce shorthand declaration for GitHub repository (`package-json/prefer-repository-shorthand`)

🔧 This rule is automatically fixable by the [`--fix` CLI option](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/command-line-interface#--fix).

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

## Rule Details

> This rule validates url for `repository` in a `package.json` and recommends a shortened version for GitHub repositories.

Reviewer: [Docs] Just rewording a bit...

```suggestion
This rule enforces that `repository` entries in a `package.json` use shorthand notation to refer to GitHub repositories when possible.
Instead of specifying a full URL like `"https://github.com/JoshuaKGoldberg/eslint-plugin-package-json"`, the shorthand `"JoshuaKGoldberg/eslint-plugin-package-json"` is equivalent and more succinct.
```
